
Supercomputing on the Cheap
David Pellerin, Maya Gokhale, Steven Hurt
Advances in programmable hardware technologies are putting supercomputing-level processing power into the hands of the rest of us.


Matlab C++ External Interface Routines
Jeffrey S. Perry
You can extend the Matlab computing environment by calling externally compiled C++ executables through an external interface API.


Typelists & C++ Polynomial Meta-Arithmetic
Volodymyr Myrnyy
C++ class templates can be convenient tools for modeling mathematical objects, schemes, and formulas. Volodymyr focuses on building shape functions as polynomials in any dimension of any order.


Polarized Matrices
Martin Scolnick
C++ classes usually implement a matrix as a single array or vector, or, in some cases, as a single vector of vectors. Martin examines alternative approaches.


Template-Generated JNI
Vladislav Tcheprasov
The Java Native Interface was designed to facilitate cross-platform development between Java and languages such as C++. The template-based approach presented here eliminates much of the tedium of this process.


Loops, Metaloops, & C++
Roshan Naik
Metaloops are implemented in C++ using recursive template instantiation. Roshan examines ideas around encapsulating metaloops and considers their usefulness.


When and How to Use Exceptions
Herb Sutter
Herb answers the question, “When, for what, and how should you use exceptions?”


Window Creation, Access, Frames, and Dialogs
John Torjo
John adds advanced window creation, advanced window access, and more to his win32gui library.


Are Vectors Really Faster?
Andrew Koenig, Barbara E. Moo
Andrew and Barbara answer the question, “Are vectors really fastest?”


Collecting Shared Objects
Herb Sutter, Jim Hyslop
shared_ptr is becoming widely available and added to the Standard Library.


Programmer's Book Review
Jeffrey L. Taylor
Jeffrey examines Diomidis Spinellis’ Code Reading: The Open Source Perspective.


Editor's Forum
P.J. Plauger
August 2004: Editor's Forum


New Products
Shannon Cochran
August 2004: New Products

