
The Boost Multi-Index Containers Library
Joaquin Ma Lopez Munoz
The Boost Multi-index Containers Library is a framework that provides—according to your specification—multiple, distinct interfaces to a single underlying container.


Reflecting Attributes and Base Classes
Arne Adams
The library Arne presents here reflects attributes and base classes, providing valuable information about a program in the language it is written in.


GenSerial: A Generic C++ Serialization Library
Evan Sherbrooke
The GenSerial library is designed for loading and saving complex files, importing/exporting with other file formats, and implementing generic deep copies, among other things.


XiMoL: An XML Stream Parser
Cyril Godart, Florent Tournois
XiMoL, a freely available XML serialization library based on the concept of streams, uses C++ iostream interfaces.


The BuDDy Library & Boolean Expressions
Haim Cohen
BuDDy is a powerful library for Boolean expression manipulation, which combines an easy C++ interface and an efficient implementation based on the novel BDD data structure.


C++ with Interfaces
Christopher Diggins
Christopher looks at how abstract base classes differ from interfaces and how you can implement efficient interfaces in C++ without virtual functions.


C++, Java, & Service-Oriented Architectures
Eric J. Bruno
C++ and Java can be integrated—and there are cases where it makes sense to do so, such as when a system needs to be language and platform independent.


rcls Refactored
Matthew Wilson
Matthew takes a break from new mappings of recls to cast an eye over the library and consider areas for refactoring.


"Just Enough" Thread Safety
Herb Sutter
When it comes to thread-safety, “good enough” can be just that.


Keeping It Simple
John Torjo
The fun part of GUI programming begins this month, with the creation of menus, rebars, smart dialogs, splitters, and more.


Typedefs and Iterators: If you've Got 'Em, Use 'Em
Herb Sutter, Jim Hyslop
Typedefs and iterators—if you’ve got ‘em, use ‘em.


Programmer’s Book Review
Jeffrey L. Taylor
Jeffrey examines the second edition of Edward Yourdon’s Death March.

