State Space Searching
David Theese
State space searches are used in everything from network routing to games. David implements a C++ library for performing state space searches.


Calculations in Galois Fields
Ilya Pirkin
Galois fields are the basis for many forward error correction schemes used in computer communications. Ilya uses C++ templates and overloaded operations to implement them.


Digital Signal Filtering in C
Max I. Fomitchev
When developing numerical or signal-processing software, at some point, you have to choose between using off-the-shelf libraries or writing your own routines. Here’s a generic set of routines that are both flexible and fast.


The FifoEmbed Library
Dan Muresan
When programming device drivers, network stacks, and similar systems, you often need a queue and storage management. FifoEmbed is a library that provides facilities for thread-safe basic queues, packet queues, and FIFO allocators.


Policy-Based Design in the Real World
Jan Reher
The policy-based design pattern is useful when you need to implement a set of related classes whose functionality varies along a number of independent dimensions.


Ranges: Concepts and Implementations
Andrew Wilson, John Torjo
Ranges represent a bounded collection of elements that may be accessed in an incremental fashion. In the first installment of this two-part article, our authors examine this new concept, comparing it to iterators.


C++ Coding Standards
Herb Sutter, Andrei Alexandrescu
Herb and Andrei present tried-and-true C++ Coding Standards from their new book of the same name.


Timing Some Common Optimizations
Andrew Koenig, Barbara E. Moo
Andrew and Barbara time some common program optimization techniques and find that the amount of computer time these optimizations save varies from one context and one implementation to another.


Lock-Free Data Structures
Andrei Alexandrescu
Lock-free data structures guarantee the progress of at least one thread when executing mutlithreaded procedures, thereby helping you avoid deadlock.


Friendly Nesting
Herb Sutter, Jim Hyslop
In well-formed programs, classes can’t declare a nested class to be a friend—but this might change in the Standard.


Editor's Forum
P.J. Plauger
October 2004: Editors Forum


New Products
Shannon Cochran
October 2004: New Products

