
The G3D Graphics Engine
Morgan McGuire
G3D, a commercial-grade 3D engine used in games, research, and simulators, is built around OpenGL and focuses on real-time hardware graphics.


Building GIS Applications
Sam Krasnik
Many modern graphical applications require geographic maps to be displayed, either as the focus of the application or as a background for displaying static or dynamic objects on top of the map.


Flash, Ming, & C++
Darren Cook
Flash is a vector graphics technology widely used for animation and sound. Darren generates Flash files using C++ and the open-source Ming library.


Constrained Value Types Using Policies
Christopher Diggins
Here’s a general-purpose constrained value type that can be easily modified with policies to adapt to your specific needs.


Ranges, Part 2: Iterable Range Adaptors, Algorithms, and Composition
Matthew Wilson, John Torjo
Ranges are a powerful concept, and using them makes code more compact, easier to understand, and less error prone. In addition, Iterable Ranges make STL containers and algorithms even easier to use.


Atomic Reference Counting Pointers
William K. Reinholtz
Reference counting pointers provide a powerful and convenient way of managing heap memory in C++.


Alias
Herb Sutter
When are two variables really two variables? Ask the Guru.


Lock-Free Data Structures with Hazard Pointers
Andrei Alexandrescu, Maged Michael
By maneuvering carefully between thread-private and thread-shared data, it is possible to devise a lock-free algorithm that gives strong and satisfactory speed and memory consumption guarantees.


What Does "Advanced C++" Mean?
Andrew Koenig, Barbara E. Moo
“Advanced C++” refers to what you learn after you’ve mastered the basics to the point that you don’t have to think about them anymore.


Alias
Jim Hyslop, Herb Sutter
When are two variables really two variables? Ask the Guru.


Programmer's Book Review
Paul Martz
GPU Gems, edited by Randima Fernando, is a collection of papers by industry experts on how to render a broad range of computer graphics effects in real-time using the graphics processing unit.


Editor's Forum
P.J. Plauger
December 2004: Editor's Forum


New Products
Shannon Cochran
December 2004: New Products

